Update docs. (#23)
iotaledger/inx-poi: documentation/docs/reference/configuration.md

---
description: This section describes the configuration parameters and their types for INX-POI.
keywords:
- IOTA Node 
- Hornet Node
- POI
- Proof-Of-Inclusion
- Proof
- Inclusion
- Configuration
- JSON
- Customize
- Config
- reference
---

# Core Configuration

INX-POI uses [JSON](https://www.json.org) for configuration files.

You can specify which config file INX-POI will use. Follow the `inx-poi` command with the `--config` or `-c` parameter and a path to file:

```bash
inx-poi -c config_defaults.json
```

To get the description of configuration parameters for the installed version of `inx-poi`, you can run the `inx-poi` command with `-h` and `--full` parameters:

```bash
inx-poi -h --full
```

> ## <a id="app"></a> 1. Application

Reviewer: The custom ids don't work with Docusarus.   I'm guessing they are there for the raw GitHub content, but they don't work either.  

I don't understand the numbers. They don't seem to add much to the content and would make direct # links a bit dirtier.

| Name            | Description                                                                                            | Type    | Default value |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------- | ------------- |
| checkForUpdates | If true, the application will check for updates.                                                       | boolean | true          |

> | stopGracePeriod | The maximum time for background processes to finish before the app would terminate on system shutdown. | string  | "5m"          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| stopGracePeriod | The maximum time for background processes to finish before the app terminates on system shutdown. | string  | "5m"          |
```

Author: Good one.
